brave you've arrived the rebel CPUs who
defy our goddess you're the same brave
aren't you did you forget about our
promise what is this rambling I would
never waste my breath on a cpu no it's
useless uni he's not the same we must
teach him discipline wait noir please
let them breathe there is no need for
words CPUs are meant to be exterminated
you will be but a smear on my blade is
fighting our only option however
bominable obviously I will not betray me
do it my will resonates with my plate ha
for figuring my turn I'll change the
world with music at first it's my good
man you with my turn
I'll change the world with nearby will
resonates with my swag or victory
I'll travel the path I believe in I'll
finish this beautifully Utah Utah Utah
my will resonates with my plate ah I'll
change the world with music
oh let's do this quick I'll uphold my
own justice at first it's my golden rule
it's my turn my will resonates with my
place oh god change the world with music
beautifully
utah
our patient cpu
yeah how dare you lowly creatures like
you shouldn't be able to make me Neil
why are you hesitating shoot breathe did
you make our oath with such frail
resolve huh that voice did you not
promise to defend the children's joy in
entertainment of course that's the
promise I made then destroy the foe
before you who threatens that oath use
your strength to destroy all who stand
in its way my strength what you see
before you is not me something merely
imitating my for muni
I'm sorry I had a moment of weakness I
know that for the sake of game industry
I can't afford to stand idly by that's
the spirit go
yah
commendable but don't become a source of
trouble or I won't sleep in peace
I apologize this won't happen again
and fine I believe you
this is our final farewell